Hadlar: It's time,
my beautiful minions.
Dark Army... Charge!
Avan: This is
looking pretty grim.
You better speed it up, Popp.
Popp: Yes, Master.
Woo-hoo. C'mon, gang!
[vicious snarl]
[angry roaring]
What are you doing?
[chirping]
Gomechan! Are you okay, buddy?
[fighting grunts]
What's going on
with all of you?
Dai: Grampa, something
weird's happening!
[struggling grunts]
Dai: Not you, too...
Snap out of it!
[struggling grunts]
Dai?
What is this?
Tell me what's wrong.
Brass: It feels
like the old days...
Rage is coursing
through my veins.
If I don't stay focused,
I think I might go berserk!
[struggling grunt]
It seems like everyone
else already did...
But what's doing this, Grampa?
Brass: I fear there's
only one explanation.
Somehow the
Dark Lord's returned.
Huh?!
Brass: This urge for destruction
feels just like the spell
Lord Hadlar used to
control us years ago...
He must be using
his dark powers
to gather us all together.
Then he'll overthrow the world!
What do we do?
You need to leave
the island, now.
If I'm right,
then it's not going to be
safe for you here much longer.
Brass: Now, hurry!
But...
When you first washed
up here in this boat,
the only reason
I could raise you
was because my heart was
free from that evil spell.
I'd never forgive
myself if I hurt you.
Please, Dai.
You have to go.
I can't just leave you.
[charging grunts]
Get in the boat.
No way!
Don't argue with me.
I'm not gonna abandon
all of my friends.
A true Hero would never
do something like that!
Listen...
Avan: Well put, young man!
I couldn't have said
it better myself.
You must be Dai.
Hang on...
How do you know my name?
We'll get to that, but first
let me sort out your friends.
[battle cry]
[charging yell]
Watch out!
I wouldn't worry about him-
Master's an expert
with monsters.
Master Avan?
[charging yell]
I hereby banish you...
Dark forces!
Glimmer!
[amazed breath]
[snarling]
Incredible...
A miracle.
Brass: Who are you, stranger?
Oh, almost forgot.
How rude of me.
They call me
the tutor, and I...
I travel the world
helping young warriors
live up to their
full potential.
So you're a Hero trainer.
Yes! I teach all the
agents of peace and justice.
Heroes, Sages, Mages...
No matter what your
raw materials are,
I can turn them all into
world-class warriors.
I am Avan De Zinuar the third,
but just call me Avan.
[curious grunt]
Now why do I
recognize that name?
And this is Popp, one of
my brightest students.
Avan: If he applies himself,
one day he'll make
a very powerful mage.
So Avan, what brings
a teacher like you
to an island like this?
Perhaps you've noticed...
The Dark Lord has returned,
and he's assembling
his forces once again.
Brass: I knew it!
Monsters everywhere are
already under his control.
It's only a matter of time
before even the kingdoms
of Romos and Papnica fall.
Oh no...
Then we'd better warn
Leona and King Romos.
Actually, the Papnica
royal family were the ones
who told me
where to find you.
I've come here to teach you
the skills of a true Hero;
so that someday you can
defeat the Dark Lord.
So, Dai...
Are you willing to
take on the challenge?
I must warn you.
My training's not for
the faint of heart.
It'll be harder than
anything you've done before.
I'm in.
If Leona's in trouble,
I'll do whatever it
takes to keep her safe.
Plus, if we don't
stop the Dark Lord,
he'll come after Grampa
and the others, too!
I can't let that happen!
So please...
Train me to fight.
I don't care how hard
it's going to be.
That's the spirit.
[distant screeching]
Popp: We've got company.
Brass: Gargoyles!
I see humans.
I see lunch.
[pained groans]
What was that?!
Very clever...
What?
It's some kind
of magical barrier.
They've sealed off
the whole island.
These two must be scouts
from the Dark Lord's army.
Why don't you deal
with them, Popp?
Huh?! You mean by myself?
Casting that
purification Glimmer
took a huge
amount of energy.
I still need some
time to recover.
But, wait - I need
more training, Master!
Don't push...
I get it. Trial by fire.
Come and get me,
you flying dung-heaps!
Sticks and stones...
I'll break your bones!
Kafrizz!
[shrieking]
Brass [thought]: I didn't
think someone so young
could be such a
powerful magic user.
It seems this tutor is
the real deal after all.
Why, you...
So is it two-for-one
fried chicken today?
Frizzle!
Uh-oh...
You were saying?
[panicking cries]
Come on, Popp.
I taught you how Gargoyles
can use Frizzle spells
to paralyze their
opponents two days ago.
What's this?!
Servant of the Dark Lord...
Or, whatever you are...
Get off this island!
[attacking yell]
Get back!
Careful!
Give that a try.
Legend has it that blade
can't be defeated.
It'll take more than just
a scratch to put me down,
you little vermin!
[battle cry]
You asked for it!
No way...
You did it!
I don't believe it!
That must be some
sword, Master.
Avan [thought]: Hmm, it's
actually just a cheap old thing
I picked up at a pawn shop...
But this young man seems like
he's going to be a
much more valuable find.
Thank you!
So, what's my next
lesson, Master Avan?
Let's not get
ahead of ourselves.
See here, Popp; as you're
now the senior student,
you will be personally
responsible for Dai's safety.
Get some rest.
Nice to meet you,
Mister Popp!
It's just Popp.
There's a lot to cover.
My training usually takes months
or even years to complete,
but since we're
short on time here...
The only way to get you
up to speed is by giving you
the one week
"Special Hard Course."
What?! I can actually
be a Hero in a week?
Only if it doesn't
kill you first.
Trust me. You don't
want to do this.
Avan: Don't scare him!
Avan: You know, you're always
welcome to join us, Popp.
That's okay, Master.
I'm fine with the
totally normal training.
Sounds great. I'll do it!
What?!
If I'm going to save Leona,
then I need to beef up
as soon as possible.
Very good.
In that case, we'll start
first thing tomorrow.
I was sorta hoping
for something sooner.
Patience, Dai.
Master Avan needs his rest.
He's had a long journey,
and you know perfectly well
how tiring magic can be.
Listen to your grampa.
For now, let's all relax
and get our strength back.
Right, I understand!
Well, at least that
makes one of us.
You'll never make it, kid.
[powered-up yell]
[startled grunt]
Well, Dai. Don't say
I didn't warn you.
All right, Dai.
I want you to slice
this boulder in half.
Really? But how?
You showed skill
with this yesterday.
[battle cry]
Oh no! I swear I didn't
mean to break it, Master.
I'm sorry! I'm sorry!
I'm sorry! I'm sorry.
-Not to worry.
-I'm sorry! I'm sorry!
How about you try using
your dagger instead?
Okay.
Avan [thought]:
For ten gold coins,
I'm amazed that sword's
lasted this long.
I can't... It's no use.
You're just not ready yet...
Why don't we see if
another spin around
the island does the trick.
[determined yell]
Avan: Alright; now for our
standard training course.
Hey, Dai; you gonna be okay?
First; let's practice
our Avan Style basics.
Now for some Avan Style
unarmed combat.
And we can't forget magic...
I don't see how this
is supposed to help us.
It's meditation.
We're balancing
ourselves inside and out.
Avan: Now for
some spell practice.
Now... Crackle!
You froze the whole wave?!
That's amazing.
It's really not a big deal.
I've been training with
Master Avan for over a year.
You'll catch up.
Come on!
Avan: Once again,
you fail to see things
the whole way through.
The foundation of all magic
is focus. So focus, Popp.
Right.
Now, Dai. Let's see
what you've got.
And... Crack!
Avan: Well, his potential
certainly isn't in magic.
Popp: And to think
I was worried
he might be better than me.
Avan: Perhaps we'll
try something different.
Sword practice!
Avan [thought]: There.
That's more like it.
I had a feeling his
natural talents would
lend themselves
better to swordplay.
Don't worry, little friend.
Master Avan knows
what he's doing.
Besides, I didn't
think I'd ever see
Dai train quite so seriously.
Avan: Now you look
like you're ready.
It's time to
give it another go.
But Master, I don't
have anything left.
One more time.
Just trust me, Dai.
Fine. Here goes...
How did I do it?
I told you warriors
need their rest,
but sometimes when
we're exhausted,
our movements
become more natural.
And simple moves allow you
to better focus your energy.
You tended to move the
blade around too much...
Avan: But the raw strength
to slice this boulder
has always been within you.
That makes sense.
Wow, Master.
You're a really good tutor.
Popp [thought]: Nobody ever
cuts the rock on the first day!
Well done, Dai.
[snoring]
He really must
have been exhausted.
[snoring]
Master, are you sure
this kid'll make it through
this Special Hard Course
thing in one piece?
Absolutely.
He's driven to
rescue his friends,
and with that kind
of motivation,
I have no doubt
he'll be fine.
So, Popp...
My offer still stands if you'd
like to start training with us.
[determined yell]
Avan [thought]:
Excellent.
You've only been
training for two days,
and you're already making
me use both my hands.
I must say,
I'm truly impressed.
It hasn't even been a week,
but your progress
is quite astounding.
We must've found your talent.
As a reward, I'm going to
show you something special.
It's my signature
power attack.
The sooner you can
learn this, the better...
Ready?
Master, you're not...
Avan: Avan Strash!
Are you kidding me?
He just went and showed
him his best attack.
It's that strong
with just a stick?
So how do I learn
how to do it?
Avan: Well, Popp...
Are you ready to join us,
or would you rather
keep eavesdropping?
What?! I'm not.
I was uh...
Going for a walk!
Avan: My sword technique
uses three elementary forces.
The earth, the sea, and air.
You'll learn how to slice
through every one of them.
Dai: Hold on...
You can cut air?
Yes, but it's the
hardest one of them all.
The first you'll learn
is the Earth Slash.
The key to this
move is brute force.
You'll have fun with it.
Avan Style Sword Technique...
Earth Slash!
Nicely done.
Your Earth Slash is
coming along wonderfully.
That's only because it's the
easiest one of them all, Master.
Can we please jump straight
to the Avan Strash next?
Afraid not...
There's an order to
these things for a reason.
Avan: First you
slice the earth,
then the sea, then the air.
And once you've
mastered all of them,
then you'll
unlock Avan Strash.
I see. Guess I've still
got a long way to go.
You there, Popp?
Popp: No?
Instead of hiding,
you should come out
and give Dai a hand.
Yes, sir!
Popp: There. You rest
up until dinner.
Thanks, Popp.
So you're really not giving
up on this, are you, Dai?
That's right.
Either you're out
of your mind,
or you've got a serious crush
on that Papnica Princess.
You got me.
You are so naïve.
It's getting late...
Sorry dinner's
taking me so long.
Oh! Fine, fine.
I just get carried
away training Dai.
He's been making such
excellent progress.
And Popp is, as well.
Are you sure?
Oh, yes.
Popp's always struggled to
fully commit himself
to the training.
Any time things
get difficult,
he tends to throw in
the towel and take a nap.
But ever since we came here,
Dai's sparked his curiosity.
He keeps spying on
the advanced lessons.
Dai's a good influence.
Before I forget...
Tomorrow's lesson might
get a little chaotic.
Is there a place around
here where we won't be
a disturbance to
the other monsters?
What could disturb monsters?
Avan: Since you've
managed to learn
the Earth Slash
so quickly,
we have an extra day.
So, we're going to use
it to test your skills,
and if I'm right,
you'll unlock the Wave
Slash while you're at it.
Yes sir.
However, if you're not
careful with this one...
You could die.
Dai: What sort of
training is this, Master?
Very simple.
You're going to fight me.
Dai: That's it?
That's it.
But this time, I'll be
using a special spell.
You can use your blade,
but I won't be injured by it.
The dagger from Papnica?
The very same,
but rest assured, Dai.
It's guaranteed
to make my skin
harder than any
kind of steel.
Now, you might
want to stand back.
[powered-up yell]
Here we go-
Puff!
A dragon? That really
is some spell.
Narrator: To complete
his training
in Avan Style Sword Technique,
Dai faces off
against his master...
Only, Avan's
dragon form is
stronger than
anything he's faced.
Our young hero must put together
everything he's learned
and use his wits to
survive the battle...
But soon the evil forces
lurking outside the island
tear through the magic barrier.
Don't miss
the next episode of
Dragon Quest:
The Adventure of Dai,
"The Dark Lord
Hadlar's Return".